ENGDOCS-1305 (#372)
compose-spec/compose-spec: 03-compose-file.md

- [Networks](06-networks.md)
- [Volumes](07-volumes.md)
- [Configs](08-configs.md) 
- [Secrets](09-secrets.md)

The default path for a Compose file is `compose.yaml` (preferred) or `compose.yml` that is placed in the working directory.
Compose also supports `docker-compose.yaml` and `docker-compose.yml` for backwards compatibility of earlier versions.
If both files exist, Compose prefers the canonical `compose.yaml`.

You can use [fragments](10-fragments.md) and [extensions](11-extension.md) to keep your Compose file efficient and easy to maintain.

Multiple Compose files can be [merged](13-merge.md) together to define the application model. The combination of YAML files are implemented by appending or overriding YAML elements based on the Compose file order you set. 
Simple attributes and maps get overridden by the highest order Compose file, lists get merged by appending. Relative
paths are resolved based on the first Compose file's parent folder, whenever complimentary files being
merged are hosted in other folders. As some Compose file elements can both be expressed as single strings or complex objects, merges apply to
the expanded form.

> You can also use [`include`](14-include.md) in your Compose file if you want your Compose application to be dependent on another Compose application that is managed by a different team or shared with others.

Reviewer: Same here:
```suggestion
If you want to reuse other Compose files or factor out parts of your application model into separate Compose files, you can also use [`include`](14-include.md).
This is useful in situations where your Compose application is dependent on another application which is managed by a different team, or needs to be shared with others.
```
I think this reads better, and explains what `include` does and what it's useful for.

Author: Agreed! Changed 👍
